aboutInt -- add claim
aboutBool -- add claim
aboutFloat -- add claim
aboutSymbol -- add claim
aboutString -- add claim
aboutValue -- add claim
aboutList -- add claim
aboutRecord -- add claim
aboutSchema -- add claim
aboutSexp -- add claim
aboutFile -- add claim
aboutPath -- add claim
aboutProcess -- add claim
aboutConsole -- add claim
aboutVoid -- add claim
aboutNull -- add claim
aboutFunction -- add claim
aboutFormat -- add claim
aboutRandom -- add claim
aboutSystem -- add claim
aboutSet -- add claim
aboutHashtag -- add claim
aboutHash -- add claim

# dependent schema

to claim `record-update`
to claim `record-upsert`

# later

sort-order monad -- compose compare function
optional monad
